Today we're gonna talk about the communication cycle, specifically the
eight different components that make it up.
Sure, you may not have heard of the communication cycle
before, but some of these components are gonna seem pretty
familiar. To begin, we always start with the sender who
has some kind of idea that he is trying to
get to a receiver. So that begs the question, how
does an idea get from the sender to the receiver?
Well, that idea represents the third component in the communication
cycle, and that is the message, the idea being communicated.
And for our sender here, well, he has a very
specific idea in mind. He is in love, and he
can't wait to communicate it. So now we arrive at
our fourth component, which is the encoding phase. To encode
is simply to package the message, and you really only
have three different options. They are either verbal, non-verbal, or
both. Our sender has decided that a love
letter would be the best way to encode his message.
This brings us to our fifth component, and that is
the channel, which is simply defined as how the receiver
takes in the message. Human beings have five channels. Think,
what else do you have five of? If you guessed
your five senses, you'd be right. Hearing, seeing, and feeling
are the primary ways in which human beings take in
information. And in this case, if it's a love letter,
she will be using sight. Having taken in this message,
she now needs to make sense of it, and another
word for that is our next component, and that is
to decode it. So if encoding is packaging your message,
decoding is making sense of it. So
she's unpackaged the message. Now all we do is wait
for her response. What do you think? Will she be
into him? Okay, it looks like she is.
And that response that she's giving right there, that's our
next component, and that is the feedback loop, any response
the receiver gives to the sender. So there you have
it, one effective cycle of communication. But wait, we're
forgetting our final element, and that is noise, which is
simply defined as anything complicating a message being sent or
received. So if our sender has bad handwriting, our receiver
can no longer decode his message. This of course
alters her response and therein changes the feedback.
So in the end, it seems miscommunication is just as
much a part of this cycle. Thanks for watching.